null,null,null
Oriental Shorthair,,null
Oriental Shorthair,,A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Pixie-bob,United States,A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Pixie-bob,United States,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Australian Mist,Australia,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Australian Mist,Australia,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Australian Mist,Australia,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Australian Mist,Australia,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Chantilly-Tiffany,United States,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Chantilly-Tiffany,United States,A cat usually has about 12 whiskers on each side of its face.
Serengeti,United States,A cat usually has about 12 whiskers on each side of its face.
Serengeti,United States,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Chantilly-Tiffany,United States,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Chantilly-Tiffany,United States,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Oregon Rex,United States,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Oregon Rex,United States,Owning a cat is actually proven to be beneficial for your health.
Javanese,United States,Owning a cat is actually proven to be beneficial for your health.
Javanese,United States,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Singapura,Singapore,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Singapura,Singapore,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Savannah,United States,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Savannah,United States,The technical term for a cat\u2019s hairball is a \u201cbezoar.\u201d
Sokoke,Kenya,The technical term for a cat\u2019s hairball is a \u201cbezoar.\u201d
Sokoke,Kenya,Cats control the outer ear using 32 muscles; humans use 6
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Cats control the outer ear using 32 muscles; humans use 6
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Cornish Rex,United Kingdom (England),In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Cornish Rex,United Kingdom (England),A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.
Karelian Bobtail,Western Russia,A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.
Karelian Bobtail,Western Russia,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Karelian Bobtail,Western Russia,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Karelian Bobtail,Western Russia,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.
Oregon Rex,United States,A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.
Oregon Rex,United States,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Maine Coon,United States,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Maine Coon,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Munchkin,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Munchkin,United States,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Dragon Li,China,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Dragon Li,China,A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Ragdoll,United States,A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Ragdoll,United States,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Oriental Bicolor,,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Oriental Bicolor,,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Somali,Somalia,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Somali,Somalia,The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.
Aegean,Greece,The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.
Aegean,Greece,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
American Bobtail,United States,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
American Bobtail,United States,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Norwegian Forest cat,Norway,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Norwegian Forest cat,Norway,A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Tonkinese,Canada,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Tonkinese,Canada,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Cyprus,Cyprus,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Cyprus,Cyprus,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Havana Brown,United Kingdom,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Havana Brown,United Kingdom,Cats make about 100 different sounds. Dogs make only about 10.
Korat,Thailand,Cats make about 100 different sounds. Dogs make only about 10.
Korat,Thailand,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Sphynx,Canada,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Sphynx,Canada,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Pixie-bob,United States,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Pixie-bob,United States,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
PerFold\u00e6(Experimental Breed - WCF),"Unknown",Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
PerFold\u00e6(Experimental Breed - WCF),"Unknown",The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
Sphynx,Canada,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
Sphynx,Canada,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Russian Blue,Russia,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Russian Blue,Russia,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
British Shorthair,United Kingdom,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
British Shorthair,United Kingdom,A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Ukrainian Levkoy,Ukraine,A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Ukrainian Levkoy,Ukraine,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Napoleon,,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Napoleon,,Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
Devon Rex,United Kingdom (England),Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
Devon Rex,United Kingdom (England),A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
American Shorthair,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
American Shorthair,United States,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Chartreux,France,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Chartreux,France,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Snowshoe,United States,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Snowshoe,United States,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Egyptian Mau,Egypt,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Egyptian Mau,Egypt,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Minskin,United States,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Minskin,United States,About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
Serrade petit,France,About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
Serrade petit,France,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Ocicat,United States,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Ocicat,United States,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Javanese,United States,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Javanese,United States,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Javanese,United States,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Javanese,United States,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
American Bobtail,United States,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
American Bobtail,United States,The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Havana Brown,United Kingdom,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Havana Brown,United Kingdom,Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Oriental Bicolor,,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Oriental Bicolor,,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Chausie,France,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Chausie,France,About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
Chausie,France,About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
Chausie,France,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Turkish Van,developed in the United Kingdom (founding stock from Turkey),Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Turkish Van,developed in the United Kingdom (founding stock from Turkey),Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites.
Selkirk Rex,United States,Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites.
Selkirk Rex,United States,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Serrade petit,France,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Serrade petit,France,The Maine Coone is the only native American long haired breed.
Ojos Azules,United States,The Maine Coone is the only native American long haired breed.
Ojos Azules,United States,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Lykoi,United States,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Lykoi,United States,The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.
Ocicat,United States,The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.
Ocicat,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Savannah,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Savannah,United States,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Ojos Azules,United States,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Ojos Azules,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Ukrainian Levkoy,Ukraine,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Ukrainian Levkoy,Ukraine,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Chausie,France,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Chausie,France,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Persian (Traditional Persian Cat),"Unknown",There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Persian (Traditional Persian Cat),"Unknown",Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Savannah,United States,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Savannah,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Siamese,Thailand,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Siamese,Thailand,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Foldex[4],"Unknown",Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Foldex[4],"Unknown",A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Javanese,United States,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Javanese,United States,Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Snowshoe,United States,Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Snowshoe,United States,Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Singapura,Singapore,Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Singapura,Singapore,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Khao Manee,Thailand,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Khao Manee,Thailand,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Pixie-bob,United States,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Pixie-bob,United States,A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Manx,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Manx,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
American Curl,United States,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
American Curl,United States,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Tonkinese,Canada,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Tonkinese,Canada,A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Snowshoe,United States,A cat's nose is as unique as a human's fingerprint.
Snowshoe,United States,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Russian Blue,Russia,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Russian Blue,Russia,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Chausie,France,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Chausie,France,The Amur leopard is one of the most endangered animals in the world.
Nebelung,United States,The Amur leopard is one of the most endangered animals in the world.
Nebelung,United States,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Oriental Longhair,,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Oriental Longhair,,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Egyptian Mau,Egypt,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Egyptian Mau,Egypt,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
American Wirehair,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
American Wirehair,United States,A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.
Scottish Fold,United Kingdom (Scotland),A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.
Scottish Fold,United Kingdom (Scotland),A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Burmilla,United Kingdom,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Burmilla,United Kingdom,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Russian Blue,Russia,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Russian Blue,Russia,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
American Wirehair,United States,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
American Wirehair,United States,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Arabian Mau,Arabian Peninsula,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Arabian Mau,Arabian Peninsula,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Arabian Mau,Arabian Peninsula,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Arabian Mau,Arabian Peninsula,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Ojos Azules,United States,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
Ojos Azules,United States,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Ojos Azules,United States,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Ojos Azules,United States,The cat's footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the cat jumps.
Balinese,developed in the United States (founding stock from Thailand),The cat's footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the cat jumps.
Balinese,developed in the United States (founding stock from Thailand),Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Raas,Indonesia,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Raas,Indonesia,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
European Shorthair,Finland and Sweden,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
European Shorthair,Finland and Sweden,Ailurophile is the word cat lovers are officially called.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,Ailurophile is the word cat lovers are officially called.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.
Bombay,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),The average cat food meal is the equivalent to about five mice.
Bombay,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Suphalak,Thailand,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Suphalak,Thailand,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is in extreme pain.
LaPerm,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is in extreme pain.
LaPerm,United States,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,Cats make about 100 different sounds. Dogs make only about 10.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,Cats make about 100 different sounds. Dogs make only about 10.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
American Wirehair,United States,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
American Wirehair,United States,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Snowshoe,United States,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Snowshoe,United States,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Cyprus,Cyprus,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Cyprus,Cyprus,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Oregon Rex,United States,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Oregon Rex,United States,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Highlander,United States,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Highlander,United States,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Singapura,Singapore,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Singapura,Singapore,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Korat,Thailand,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Korat,Thailand,Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
American Curl,United States,Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
American Curl,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is in extreme pain.
Bengal,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),A cat will tremble or shiver when it is in extreme pain.
Bengal,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),It is estimated that cats can make over 60 different sounds.
Ocicat,United States,It is estimated that cats can make over 60 different sounds.
Ocicat,United States,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Javanese,United States,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Javanese,United States,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Pixie-bob,United States,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Pixie-bob,United States,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Khao Manee,Thailand,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Khao Manee,Thailand,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
Bengal,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
Bengal,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.
Balinese,developed in the United States (founding stock from Thailand),A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.
Balinese,developed in the United States (founding stock from Thailand),Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Raas,Indonesia,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Raas,Indonesia,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Siberian,Russia,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Siberian,Russia,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Australian Mist,Australia,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Australian Mist,Australia,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
LaPerm,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
LaPerm,United States,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
American Shorthair,United States,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
American Shorthair,United States,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
American Shorthair,United States,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
American Shorthair,United States,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Foldex[4],"Unknown",Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Foldex[4],"Unknown",A cat can jump up to five times its own height in a single bound.
Chartreux,France,A cat can jump up to five times its own height in a single bound.
Chartreux,France,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Minskin,United States,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Minskin,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Ragamuffin,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Ragamuffin,United States,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Peterbald,Russia,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Peterbald,Russia,The technical term for a cat\u2019s hairball is a \u201cbezoar.\u201d
Norwegian Forest cat,Norway,The technical term for a cat\u2019s hairball is a \u201cbezoar.\u201d
Norwegian Forest cat,Norway,The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
British Longhair,United Kingdom,The first cat show was in 1871 at the Crystal Palace in London.
British Longhair,United Kingdom,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Burmilla,United Kingdom,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Burmilla,United Kingdom,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Egyptian Mau,Egypt,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Egyptian Mau,Egypt,Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites.
American Wirehair,United States,Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites.
American Wirehair,United States,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Ragdoll,United States,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Ragdoll,United States,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Sokoke,Kenya,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Sokoke,Kenya,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Lykoi,United States,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Lykoi,United States,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
LaPerm,United States,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
LaPerm,United States,Cats make about 100 different sounds. Dogs make only about 10.
Asian Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Cats make about 100 different sounds. Dogs make only about 10.
Asian Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Oregon Rex,United States,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Oregon Rex,United States,A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.
Maine Coon,United States,A cat can sprint at about thirty-one miles per hour.
Maine Coon,United States,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Turkish Angora,Turkey,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Turkish Angora,Turkey,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Bambino,United States,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Bambino,United States,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Chausie,France,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Chausie,France,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
American Bobtail,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
null,null,null
American Bobtail,United States,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Oriental Bicolor,,null
Korn Ja,Thailand,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Oriental Bicolor,,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,Normal body temperature for a cat is 102 degrees F.
Exotic Shorthair,United States,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Asian,developed in the United Kingdom (founding stock from Asia),The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Asian,developed in the United Kingdom (founding stock from Asia),Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Asian,developed in the United Kingdom (founding stock from Asia),Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Asian,developed in the United Kingdom (founding stock from Asia),Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
York Chocolate,United States (New York),Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
York Chocolate,United States (New York),There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Ragamuffin,United States,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Ragamuffin,United States,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Thai,Thailand,Baking chocolate is the most dangerous chocolate to your cat.
Thai,Thailand,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Dragon Li,China,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Dragon Li,China,Owning a cat is actually proven to be beneficial for your health.
Sokoke,Kenya,Owning a cat is actually proven to be beneficial for your health.
Sokoke,Kenya,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Chartreux,France,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Chartreux,France,Ailurophile is the word cat lovers are officially called.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,Ailurophile is the word cat lovers are officially called.
Mekong Bobtail,Russia,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Toyger,United States,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Toyger,United States,A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Ragdoll,United States,A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Ragdoll,United States,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Serengeti,United States,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Serengeti,United States,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Chantilly-Tiffany,United States,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Chantilly-Tiffany,United States,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Asian Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Cats only sweat through their paws and nowhere else on their body
Asian Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Cats spend nearly 1\/3 of their waking hours cleaning themselves.
Korean Bobtail,Korea,Cats spend nearly 1\/3 of their waking hours cleaning themselves.
Korean Bobtail,Korea,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Chartreux,France,A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.
Chartreux,France,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
British Shorthair,United Kingdom,A cat's hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
British Shorthair,United Kingdom,Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites.
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,Cat bites are more likely to become infected than dog bites.
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,Cats have 300 million neurons; dogs have about 160 million
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Cheetoh,United States,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Cheetoh,United States,A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Bengal,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),A cat will tremble or shiver when it is extreme pain.
Bengal,developed in the United States (founding stock from Asia),A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Japanese Bobtail,Japan,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
Serengeti,United States,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
Serengeti,United States,A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Balinese,developed in the United States (founding stock from Thailand),A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).
Balinese,developed in the United States (founding stock from Thailand),The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Toyger,United States,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Toyger,United States,A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.
Sphynx,Canada,A cat's brain is more similar to a man's brain than that of a dog.
Sphynx,Canada,The Amur leopard is one of the most endangered animals in the world.
Ukrainian Levkoy,Ukraine,The Amur leopard is one of the most endangered animals in the world.
Ukrainian Levkoy,Ukraine,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
Savannah,United States,Cats have been domesticated for half as long as dogs have been.
Savannah,United States,About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
Javanese,United States,About 37% of American homes today have at least 1 cat.
Javanese,United States,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
Dragon Li,China,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
Dragon Li,China,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Oriental Longhair,,Kittens remain with their mother till the age of 9 weeks.
Oriental Longhair,,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Ojos Azules,United States,The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.
Ojos Azules,United States,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Colorpoint Shorthair,,A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),A cat's normal temperature varies around 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
Cymric or Manx Longhair,United Kingdom (Isle of Man),A cat can jump up to five times its own height in a single bound.
Havana Brown,United Kingdom,A cat can jump up to five times its own height in a single bound.
Havana Brown,United Kingdom,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Asian Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Asian Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
PerFold\u00e6(Experimental Breed - WCF),"Unknown",The Cat Fanciers Association (CFA) recognizes 44 breeds of cats.
PerFold\u00e6(Experimental Breed - WCF),"Unknown",Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Turkish Angora,Turkey,Tylenol and chocolate are both poisionous to cats.
Turkish Angora,Turkey,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,Cats bury their feces to cover their trails from predators.
Brazilian Shorthair,Brazil,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Napoleon,,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Napoleon,,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Dragon Li,China,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Dragon Li,China,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Somali,Somalia,In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.
Somali,Somalia,A cat can jump up to five times its own height in a single bound.
Ocicat,United States,A cat can jump up to five times its own height in a single bound.
Ocicat,United States,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Cheetoh,United States,Tigers are excellent swimmers and do not avoid water.
Cheetoh,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Cheetoh,United States,Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.
Cheetoh,United States,The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Scottish Fold,United Kingdom (Scotland),The cat has 500 skeletal muscles (humans have 650).
Scottish Fold,United Kingdom (Scotland),The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Tonkinese,Canada,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Tonkinese,Canada,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Nebelung,United States,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Nebelung,United States,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Australian Mist,Australia,There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.
Australian Mist,Australia,The cat's footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the cat jumps.
Siamese,Thailand,The cat's footpads absorb the shocks of the landing when the cat jumps.
Siamese,Thailand,Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Cornish Rex,United Kingdom (England),Cats' hearing is much more sensitive than humans and dogs.
Cornish Rex,United Kingdom (England),Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Tonkinese,Canada,Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.
Tonkinese,Canada,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Dragon Li,China,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Dragon Li,China,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Sam Sawet,Thailand,A healthy cat has a temperature between 38 and 39 degrees Celcius.
Sam Sawet,Thailand,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Snowshoe,United States,The Pilgrims were the first to introduce cats to North America.
Snowshoe,United States,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Chausie,France,Fossil records from two million years ago show evidence of jaguars.
Chausie,France,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
British Semi-longhair,United Kingdom,Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Devon Rex,United Kingdom (England),Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Devon Rex,United Kingdom (England),British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,British cat owners spend roughly 550 million pounds yearly on cat food.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,Cats see six times better in the dark and at night than humans.
Thai Lilac,Thailand,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
Munchkin,United States,The leopard is the most widespread of all big cats.
